Drop syncable from incremental CV export (#2863)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_exporting-a-content-view-version-incrementally-in-a-syncable-format.adoc

endif::[]
Content view versions that have multiple {RHEL} trees can occupy several gigabytes of space on {ProjectServer}.

> In such cases, you can create an incremental export which contains only pieces of content that changed since the previous export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In such cases, you can create an incremental export which contains only pieces of content that have changed since the last export.
```

Author: Applied (twice)

----
# hammer content-export incremental version \
--content-view="_My_Content_View_Name_" \
--format=syncable \
--organization="_My_Organization_" \
--version=2.0
----
. Optional: View the exported content view:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----

> # find /var/lib/pulp/exports/_My_Organization_/view/2.0/2024-03-02T14-19-50-05-00/

Reviewer 2: Do we want to include specific date here? Or maybe do we want to go with something more broad like `/var/lib/pulp/exports/_My_Organization_/_My_Content_View_/_My_Content_View_Version_/`?

Additionally, since we've recently been using the `Next steps` subsection, I feel like this could be a good candidate.
